Initial problem:
No documented API set for retrieving GSA EIS pricing data. Typically pricing analysts have to input CLIN and NSC through EIS website.
While the website is very good, this is a hugely time consuming task. Pricing entries can be in the thousands. A well-acquainted pricing analyst can document CLIN/NSC combos at a rate of 400 entries/hour.

Approach:
This problem seemed to need some form of automation to eliminate manual labor hours and human error. I evaluated multiple solutions, the first two came in the form of web browser automation.
I first evaluated Selenium, but the new version of Firefox did not support SeleniumI then looked Katalon, which is similar to Selenium, and I was able to automate the keystrokes and data inputs.
However, once I got past the simple first step examples, it became considerably more difficult, and the speed was not really that great.
Ultimately, I determined these tools were meant for tests, and since this was not a user interface test, I decided to investigate having my program emulate a browser via code using Python and the python request library.

Creating a solution:
First I had to decompose the function of the EIS web page. For this task I used the developer tools inside of Firefox. I was able to click different processes and see where the web page communicated with the backend.
I evaluated the request to identify the URLs being called. I identified the Headers (cookies) as well as the response coming back. I tested each URL call via my web browser to confirm function.
After a thorough investigation of the complete process for one pricing lookup, I verified the feasibility of my approach.
I selected Python as a language because of my background in Data Science from the Agricultural industry.
I knew about the request library from work I have done before and knew that it could simulate any browser, as well as capture and maintain session variables for communication with the EIS website.
Thereby, limiting the amount of development work I would have to perform.

Final Solution:
You can look at the code to see what it does. It is not intended to be a final solution. It will take work to maintain and support given the fact that it was built for one purpose and one purpose only.
A complete run of approximately 6500 items now takes less than 13 minutes executing on my small consumer grade laptop.

The requirements of execution for this program are:
Python 2.7.x
A compatible request library
A .csv for input with the first two columns being CLIN and NSC (network site code).
The output file name will be in the form of a .csv with columns being CLIN, NSC, Time Period Start, Time Period Stop, and all the vendor Prices.

The GSA EIS website is a public interface, so there should be nothing proprietary about this information.

I posted my solution on GitHub https://github.com/vfgolden/pricer